[RUM] Auto-instrumentation updates v3 (#29009)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/setup/_index.md

1. Create an application in Datadog.
2. Instrument your application.

Instrumenting your application allows observability data from your application to be displayed in the Datadog UI.

## Instrumentation types

There are two ways to instrument your application: automatic or manual instrumentation.

| | Auto-instrumentation (Preview) | Client-side (Manual) |
|----------------------|--------------------------------|----------------------|

> | **SDK setup mechanism** | [Automatically](#auto-instrumentation) add RUM JS to your web app HTML. Once RUM Auto-instrumentation is set-up, manage configurations from the UI. | [Manually](#client-side-manual-instrumentation) add the RUM SDK to your application code and manage configurations in code. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **SDK setup mechanism** | [Automatically][1] add RUM JS to your web app HTML. Once RUM Auto-instrumentation is set-up, manage configurations from the UI. | [Manually][2] add the RUM SDK to your application code and manage configurations in code. |
```

> | **SDK setup mechanism** | [Automatically](#auto-instrumentation) add RUM JS to your web app HTML. Once RUM Auto-instrumentation is set-up, manage configurations from the UI. | [Manually](#client-side-manual-instrumentation) add the RUM SDK to your application code and manage configurations in code. |

Author: oops, missed this after some content shifting. fixed.

| **Code changes required?** | No | Yes |
| **Setup complexity** | Low | Medium |

> | **Who it's for** | **SRE and engineering teams** without access to frontend code, or **teams who need to manage** all observability needs centrally, may find this useful for: <br>  - Unlocking performance data across all applications upon setting up RUM <br>  - Holistically monitoring application performance across the organization | **Frontend engineering, mobile engineering, or product teams** with access to frontend code may find this method useful for: <br>  - Daily engineering needs (for example: live support, troubleshooting, and health checks for downstream services) <br>  -Product needs (for example: user flow analysis, user segmentation, and feature flag tracking) <br>  - Capturing observability from in-house code or complex functions that aren't captured by automatic instrumentation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **User personas** | **SRE and engineering teams** without access to frontend code, or **teams who need to manage** all observability needs centrally, may find this useful for: <br>  - Unlocking performance data across all applications upon setting up RUM <br>  - Holistically monitoring application performance across the organization | **Frontend engineering, mobile engineering, or product teams** with access to frontend code may find this method useful for: <br>  - Daily engineering needs (for example: live support, troubleshooting, and health checks for downstream services) <br>  -Product needs (for example: user flow analysis, user segmentation, and feature flag tracking) <br>  - Capturing observability from in-house code or complex functions that aren't captured by automatic instrumentation |
```
Just a suggestion in terminology this is often referred to as "user personas" or "user types"

Author: hm yes this is better!
